build(deps): bump loader-utils from 2.0.2 to 2.0.4 (#828)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/deploy/pages/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/k-production-deployment.adoc

----
+
- `metadata.name`: Name to assign the Redpanda cluster. This name is also assigned to the Helm release.
- xref:reference:k-crd.adoc#k8s-api-github-com-redpanda-data-redpanda-operator-api-redpanda-v1alpha2-chartref[`spec.chartRef`]: Information about the Helm chart that will be used to deploy Redpanda.
- `spec.chartRef.chartVersion`: This field specifies the exact version of the Redpanda Helm chart to use for deployment. By setting this value, you <<version-pinning, pin the chart to a specific version>>, which prevents automatic updates that might introduce breaking changes or new features that have not been tested in your environment.
- xref:reference:k-crd.adoc#k8s-api-github-com-redpanda-data-redpanda-operator-api-redpanda-v1alpha2-redpandaclusterspec[`spec.clusterSpec`]: This is where you can override default values in the Redpanda Helm chart. Here, you mount the <<prerequisites, I/O configuration file>> to the Pods that run Redpanda. For other configuration details, see <<Production considerations>>.

> - `spec.clusterSpec.enterprise`: If you want to use enterprise features in Redpanda, uncomment this section and add the details of a Secret that stores your Enterprise Edition license key. For details, see xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/kubernetes.adoc[].

Reviewer: The link to the licensing doc doesn't render correctly, but I'm not sure about the correct syntax to use here -- sorry!

Reviewer 2: Fixed - thanks! In the other original PR, we changed the links

> - `spec.clusterSpec.enterprise`: If you want to use enterprise features in Redpanda, uncomment this section and add the details of a Secret that stores your Enterprise Edition license key. For details, see xref:get-started:licensing/add-license-redpanda/kubernetes.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `spec.clusterSpec.enterprise`: If you want to use enterprise features in Redpanda, uncomment this section and add the details of a Secret that stores your Enterprise Edition license key. For details, see xref:get-started:licenses.adoc[].
```
